README.md, before:


# DomeProtocol

## Prerequisites
Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) installed on your machine.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:DomeDAO/dome-contracts.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

```bash
cd dome-contracts
```

3. Install the project dependencies using npm:

```bash
npm install
```
    
## Compiling contracts

To compile the contract run `npx hardhat compile` in your terminal.

```bash
npx hardhat compile
```

After successful compilation you'll get the output:
```bash
Compiled 43 Solidity files successfully
```
Which indicates that contracts have been successfully compiled and they're ready to be used.


## Environment Variables

To deploy the protocol, you will need to add the following `environment variables` to your .env file:

`DEPLOY_PRIV_KEY`
`DOME_CREATION_FEE`
`SYSTEM_OWNER_PERCENTAGE`
`SYSTEM_OWNER`

`POLYGON_RPC_URL`
`MAINNET_RPC_URL`
`GOERLI_RPC_URL`
`MUMBAI_RPC_URL`

To deploy a `dome instance`, you will need to add the deployed `DomeProtocol's` address to your .env file:

`DOME_PROTOCOL_ADDRESS `
`DEPLOY_PRIV_KEY`

For further development and running `tests on forks`, you will need to add a development mnemonic to your .env file:

`HARDHAT_DEV_MNEMONIC`

For contract `verification`, you will need to add the api keys for the required networks:

`POLYGON_API_KEY`
`MAINNET_API_KEY`

If you want to get detailed information about `deployment gas prices`, you will need to add the `Coinmarketcap` api key to your .env file:

`COINMARKETCAP_API`

## Running Tests

The project includes a comprehensive set of unit tests to ensure the correctness and robustness of the smart contracts. These tests cover the following aspects:

- **DomeProtocol Contract Testing:**
  - Validation of contract functionality.
  - Ownership management.
  - Events emission.
  
- **DomeInstance Contract Testing:**
  - Validation of contract functionality.
  - Ownership management.
  - Events emission.

- **Governance Contract Testing:**
  - Ownership management.
  - Validation of governance mechanisms.

In total, there are 71 individual tests.

### Running Tests

If you want to run the tests locally or on your own development environment, run the tests using the following command:

```bash
npx hardhat test
```

or using package manager:

```bash
npm run test
```

Keep in mind that when you run `npx hardhat test`, all contracts will be automatically compiled if they've changed.

Don't forget to update [environment variables](#environment-variables) before testing, all tests are done on the polygon mainnet fork, so the `POLYGON_RPC_URL` should be set.
## Deployment

This section outlines the steps to deploy the `Dome` and `DomeProtocol` contracts. Before deploying, make sure to set the required environment variables and constructor parameters.

### Prerequisites

Before deploying the contracts, ensure the following prerequisites are met:

1. `Node.js` and `npm` are installed on your machine.

2. You have the necessary Ethereum accounts configured for deploying contracts.

3. You have the required environment variables set:

   - `DOME_CREATION_FEE` (in wei)
   - `SYSTEM_OWNER_PERCENTAGE` (up to 2500, representing 25%)
   - `SYSTEM_OWNER`
   - `DEPLOY_PRIV_KEY`

4. Once you're ready to deploy the protocol, you should decide which network to use. We have predefined network entries, which you can use to deploy to a remote network such as `mainnet`, `polygon` or their testnets: `goerli`, `mumbai`. For these networks, the corresponding environment variables should be set: `POLYGON_RPC_URL`, `MAINNET_RPC_URL`,`GOERLI_RPC_URL`, `MUMBAI_RPC_URL`.

If you want to deploy somewhere else, you need to add a new network entry to hardhat.config.js file similarly to the others: 
```
<network>: {
	url: <RPC-URL>,
	accounts: [<PRIV_KEY>]
}
```

And then to tell Hardhat to connect to a specific network, you can use the --network parameter when running any task, like this:

```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/scriptToRun.js --network <network-name>
```

### Deploying DomeProtocol

1. Start by deploying `DomeProtocol` using the `deployDomeProtocol` script:

```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/deployDomeProtocol.js --network <network>
```

This script will also deploy three additional contracts, `DomeFactory`, `GovernanceFactory` and `Buffer`. You will be prompted to submit the deployment.

2. After successful deployment, you will get output similar to this one:
```
DomeProtocol was successfully deployed at 0xC72189CF685056DED9487704A80E9e2aEeC80227 with BUFFER at 0x622F14A17F4720D017B85044235ee527f8A4557E
```

The address of the `DomeProtocol` contract should be set as an environment variable: 

   - `DOME_PROTOCOL_ADDRESS`

This is required for further `Dome` deployments using nodejs:

### Deploying Dome

With the `DomeProtocol` contract deployed, you can now proceed to deploy the `Dome` contract.

1. Deploy `Dome` with the following required constructor parameters, you should modify them inside `scripts/deployDome.js` file:
   - `domeInfo` (cid, tokenName, tokenSymbol)
   - `beneficiariesInfo` (cid, wallet, percent up to 10000, representing 100%)
   - `yieldProtocol` (default is set to Polygon Mainnet Aave USDC protocol)
   - `depositorYieldPercent` (up to 10000, representing 100%)
   - The `Dome` contract owner is the `Dome` deployer. (The `DEPLOY_PRIV_KEY` wallet)

After setting the required parameters inside `scripts/deployDome.js` file. we are ready to deploy a `Dome` instance like this:

```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/deployDome.js --network <network>
```

After following these steps, both the `Dome` and `DomeProtocol` contracts should be successfully deployed, and you can start interacting with them as needed.


## Note

Please ensure that you are using the correct and secure deployment parameters and environment variables. Deploying smart contracts on the Ethereum network should be done with caution, and you should be familiar with the risks and implications.
## Verification

For smart contracts verification on the blockchain we use hardhat-verify to make the source code of your contracts publicly available and verifiable on block explorers like Etherscan. Below are the steps to verify your contracts. 

### Configuration
1. Ensure you have set required environment variables for verifications on Polygon and Ethereum: `MAINNET_API_KEY`, `POLYGON_API_KEY`.

2. If you want to deploy somewhere else, you need to add a new etherscan api key entry to `hardhat.config.js` file, similarly to others:

```
module.exports = {
  // ... other configurations ...

  etherscan: {
    apiKey: {
      <network>: "<NETWORK_API_KEY>",
      // ... add more networks as needed ...
    },
  },
};
```

### Verifying the DomeProtocol

Once you've configured your API keys and deployed your contract, you can use the following command to verify your contract on the predefined networks:

```
npm run verifyProtocol:<network>
```

### Verifying the Dome

To verify the dome instance you should provide additional data inside `scripts/verifyDome.js` file:
- `domeInfo` (cid, tokenName, tokenSymbol)
- `beneficiariesInfo` (cid, wallet, percent up to 10000, representing 100%)
- `yieldProtocol` (yield protocol used in that dome)
- `systemOwner` (The owner of the DomeProtocol at the moment of that Dome deployment)
- `domeProtocolAddress` (The DomeProtocol address)
- `systemOwnerPercentage` (At the moment of that Dome deployment)
- `depositorYieldPercent` (At the moment of that Dome deployment)

```
npm run verifyDome:<network>
```

### Note

To verify contracts on custom network, you should use the following command:

```
npx hardhat verify --network mainnet DEPLOYED_CONTRACT_ADDRESS "Constructor argument 1"
```

Commit message:

feat: update, add reward, wrappedvoting, pricetracker mentions

README.md, after:

# DomeProtocol

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) installed on your machine.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:DomeDAO/dome-contracts.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

```bash
cd dome-contracts
```

3. Install the project dependencies using npm:

```bash
npm install
```

## Compiling contracts

To compile the contract run `npx hardhat compile` in your terminal.

```bash
npx hardhat compile
```

After successful compilation you'll get the output:

```bash
Compiled 43 Solidity files successfully
```

Which indicates that contracts have been successfully compiled and they're ready to be used.

## Environment Variables

To deploy the protocol, you will need to add the following `environment variables` to your .env file:

`DEPLOY_PRIV_KEY`
`DOME_CREATION_FEE`
`SYSTEM_OWNER_PERCENTAGE`
`SYSTEM_OWNER`

`POLYGON_RPC_URL`
`MAINNET_RPC_URL`
`GOERLI_RPC_URL`
`MUMBAI_RPC_URL`

To deploy a `dome instance`, you will need to add the deployed `DomeProtocol's` address to your .env file:

`DOME_PROTOCOL_ADDRESS `
`DEPLOY_PRIV_KEY`

For further development and running `tests on forks`, you will need to add a development mnemonic to your .env file:

`HARDHAT_DEV_MNEMONIC`

For contract `verification`, you will need to add the api keys for the required networks:

`POLYGON_API_KEY`

`MAINNET_API_KEY`

If you want to get detailed information about `deployment gas prices`, you will need to add the `Coinmarketcap` api key to your .env file:

`COINMARKETCAP_API`

## Running Tests

The project includes a comprehensive set of unit tests to ensure the correctness and robustness of the smart contracts. These tests cover the following aspects:

- **DomeProtocol Contract Testing:**
  - Validation of contract functionality.
  - Ownership management.
  - Events emission.
- **DomeInstance Contract Testing:**

  - Validation of contract functionality.
  - Ownership management.
  - Events emission.

- **Governance Contract Testing:**

  - Ownership management.
  - Validation of governance mechanisms.

- **Reward Contract Testing:**
  - Validation of contract functionality.

In total, there are 79 individual tests.

### Running Tests

If you want to run the tests locally or on your own development environment, run the tests using the following command:

```bash
npx hardhat test
```

or using package manager:

```bash
npm run test
```

Keep in mind that when you run `npx hardhat test`, all contracts will be automatically compiled if they've changed.

Don't forget to update [environment variables](#environment-variables) before testing, all tests are done on the polygon mainnet fork, so the `POLYGON_RPC_URL` should be set.

## Deployment

This section outlines the steps to deploy the `Dome` and `DomeProtocol` contracts. Before deploying, make sure to set the required environment variables and constructor parameters.

### Prerequisites

Before deploying the contracts, ensure the following prerequisites are met:

1. `Node.js` and `npm` are installed on your machine.

2. You have the necessary Ethereum accounts configured for deploying contracts.

3. You have the required environment variables set:

   - `DOME_CREATION_FEE` (in wei)
   - `SYSTEM_OWNER_PERCENTAGE` (up to 2500, representing 25%)
   - `SYSTEM_OWNER`
   - `DEPLOY_PRIV_KEY`

4. Once you're ready to deploy the protocol, you should decide which network to use. We have predefined network entries, which you can use to deploy to a remote network such as `mainnet`, `polygon` or their testnets: `goerli`, `mumbai`. For these networks, the corresponding environment variables should be set: `POLYGON_RPC_URL`, `MAINNET_RPC_URL`,`GOERLI_RPC_URL`, `MUMBAI_RPC_URL`.

If you want to deploy somewhere else, you need to add a new network entry to hardhat.config.js file similarly to the others:

```
<network>: {
	url: <RPC-URL>,
	accounts: [<PRIV_KEY>]
}
```

And then to tell Hardhat to connect to a specific network, you can use the --network parameter when running any task, like this:

```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/scriptToRun.js --network <network-name>
```

### Deploying DomeProtocol

1. Start by deploying `DomeProtocol` using the `deployDomeProtocol` script:

```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/deployDomeProtocol.js --network <network>
```

This script will also deploy three additional contracts, `DomeFactory`, `GovernanceFactory`, `WrappedVotingFactory`, `PriceTracker`, `Buffer` and `RewardToken`. You will be prompted to submit the deployment.

2. After successful deployment, you will get output similar to this one:

```
DomeProtocol was deployed at 0xC72189CF685056DED9487704A80E9e2aEeC80227
- BUFFER at 0x622F14A17F4720D017B85044235ee527f8A4557E
- REWARD_TOKEN at 0x7feF49D87B5D293CAe263E4ab43456a27414840D
```

The address of the `DomeProtocol` contract should be set as an environment variable:

- `DOME_PROTOCOL_ADDRESS`

This is required for further `Dome` deployments using nodejs:

### Deploying Dome

With the `DomeProtocol` contract deployed, you can now proceed to deploy the `Dome` contract.

1. Deploy `Dome` with the following required constructor parameters, you should modify them inside `scripts/deployDome.js` file:
   - `domeInfo` (cid, tokenName, tokenSymbol)
   - `beneficiariesInfo` (cid, wallet, percent up to 10000, representing 100%)
   - `yieldProtocol` (default is set to Polygon Mainnet Aave USDC protocol)
   - `depositorYieldPercent` (up to 10000, representing 100%)
   - The `Dome` contract owner is the `Dome` deployer. (The `DEPLOY_PRIV_KEY` wallet)

After setting the required parameters inside `scripts/deployDome.js` file. we are ready to deploy a `Dome` instance like this:

```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/deployDome.js --network <network>
```

After following these steps, both the `Dome` and `DomeProtocol` contracts should be successfully deployed, and you can start interacting with them as needed.

## Note

Please ensure that you are using the correct and secure deployment parameters and environment variables. Deploying smart contracts on the Ethereum network should be done with caution, and you should be familiar with the risks and implications.

## Verification

For smart contracts verification on the blockchain we use hardhat-verify to make the source code of your contracts publicly available and verifiable on block explorers like Etherscan. Below are the steps to verify your contracts.

### Configuration

1. Ensure you have set required environment variables for verifications on Polygon and Ethereum: `MAINNET_API_KEY`, `POLYGON_API_KEY`.

2. If you want to deploy somewhere else, you need to add a new etherscan api key entry to `hardhat.config.js` file, similarly to others:

```
module.exports = {
  // ... other configurations ...

  etherscan: {
    apiKey: {
      <network>: "<NETWORK_API_KEY>",
      // ... add more networks as needed ...
    },
  },
};
```

### Verifying the DomeProtocol

Once you've configured your API keys and deployed your contract, you can use the following command to verify your contract on the predefined networks:

```
npm run verifyProtocol:<network>
```

### Verifying the Dome

To verify the dome instance you should provide additional data inside `scripts/verifyDome.js` file:

- `domeInfo` (cid, tokenName, tokenSymbol)
- `beneficiariesInfo` (cid, wallet, percent up to 10000, representing 100%)
- `yieldProtocol` (yield protocol used in that dome)
- `systemOwner` (The owner of the DomeProtocol at the moment of that Dome deployment)
- `domeProtocolAddress` (The DomeProtocol address)
- `systemOwnerPercentage` (At the moment of that Dome deployment)
- `depositorYieldPercent` (At the moment of that Dome deployment)

```
npm run verifyDome:<network>
```

### Note

To verify contracts on custom network, you should use the following command:

```
npx hardhat verify --network mainnet DEPLOYED_CONTRACT_ADDRESS "Constructor argument 1"
```
